# Day 10 - Eureka, NV (486 miles)

Guess what? I ended up taking my first rest day today. I had planned to push to Ely today and take my rest day there, but I didn't have a great night camping, last night. It was really cold (about 5 Degree C) but my sleeping bag is designed for much warmer temperatures. So I was tossing and turning until about 3:00 AM when it finally struck me that I can wear my jacket. After that I felt much better and slept well until about 5. Once I woke up and started preparing for my ride, I knew I wasn't feeling fully up to it. So I decided to check into a motel, take a shower, do my laundry and rest up. This next section isn't to be taken lightly, so I am glad I took the day off and was able to get some rest. 
It's also pretty apparent that I am not comfortable camping in random parks. I feel very icky if I haven't showered and it's a bit of a pain finding a proper restroom and source of drinking water. The biggest problem is that I don't feel well rested the next day. Most other people who tour don't seem to find camping much of a problem at all! Not sure what I'm missing. Maybe it's just that you have to be ok with being a little dirty?
Since I was here all day, I got a chance to learn a little about Eureka. It's got quite a fascinating history. Most buildings here look old and are unoccupied. That's because they were built in the 19th century during the mining boom and once the mines were done, everyone left, leaving the place exactly as it was. There's an obvious influence of the mining culture all through the town. 
Now I feel well rested and ready to tackle the long section tomorrow!
